Clerk SDK Spec (#1344)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/sdk/philosophy.mdx

Here’s a non-exhaustive list of things to take into consideration to deliver a great developer experience.

## Performance

Developers and marketers alike care about their website's [performance scoring](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/performance/performance-scoring). Ensure efficient loading of your SDK and reduce bundle size & dependencies. Less dependencies also mean less maintenance and security concerns.

## Enable best practices

For your SDK, follow the framework's or language's best practices and consider using their specialized patterns over generalized ones (e.g. special script loading). For your users, provide APIs to leverage those best practices.

## Documentation

Spend time writing an exhaustive, yet organized `README` that enables your users to get started with your SDK. If you want to go above and beyond, create your own documentation site (recommended: [Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build/)). Provide examples on how to use your SDK, e.g. with a separate example repository.

## Convenience

> Make SDK usage convenient. If the SDK can handle something under the hood which otherwise would require an action by the user, do it. Clerk's components are its API as that abstraction is powerful and convenient.

Reviewer: "Clerk's components are its API" doesn't make sense - what were you trying to say here?

Author: You might interact/use a product through a REST API or through an SDK that exposes certain low-level methods. That's the API surface that they expose to their users.

Clerk's API are the prebuilt React components. Just place them in your React application and you're good. It's super convenient.

That's what I wanted to convey 😊

## Compatibility

Ensure compatibility with the upstream framework or language. Have reasonable backward compatibility.

## API surface

Keep the API surface small. Most often you’ll only need to expose the options for the underlying Clerk SDKs and pass those through.

## Testing

> Add End-to-End tests to regularly test hot paths of your SDK. Functionality like sign-in, sign-up, and other UI components have high priority. Inside the [testing guide](https://clerk.com/docs/testing/overview) you'll learn how to use testing tokens and which testing utilities are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add End-to-End tests to regularly test hot paths of your SDK. Functionality like sign-in, sign-up, and other UI components have high priority. Checkout the [testing guide](https://clerk.com/docs/testing/overview) to learn which testing utilities are available and how to use Clerk's Testing Tokens to bypass bot detection.
```
